Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
One word! I have something to say!
Recently I've been thinking a bit, so I'm making this video
Like that! And that!
Especially that, that came out recently!!
First, this!
iPhoneX
What is that!?
If you use 3D printing technology
Like for example, a face!!
It can be easily created!!
It's that
The fact that they can collect data on your face mean that...
By the FBI...
You're being targeted, everyone!
Didn't a movie exist some time ago where the FBI? What was it called?
Fairy Yellow Ice!
F...
Like FYI!!
(Reference to video #11)
You'll be targeted, really!!
You don't know what it'll be used for!!
In the first place, I...
Because I'm virtual, I can't use it
It makes no sense!
Even though I wanted to try it a little bit!
Really
It's extremely useful
In reality, I'm really high tech
No
Saying that it's high performance
It'll get weaker!!
Seriously, please stop
There's also other things I want to mention
That's...
Everyone in the audience!!
Watch my videos more!!
Why won't you watch more?
No! No! No! No! No! No!
Oh!
I get it
You don't have the bell mark on, right?!
To properly get notifications
Make sure you turn on the bell mark!!
But...
You're all watching the interesting videos, right!?
Oh, so that means that I...
Am not uploading interesting videos
Videos that satisfies everyone's needs
From now on, I'll keep working hard to upload them!
To be honest...
Turning on the bell mark
Is all I wanted to say!?
Sorry for complaining!
Thank you always!!
I love you!!
A.I.Channel
And now...
The thing I want to mention the most this time
Kaguya Luna-chan!
Oi!!
Luna-chan!! Are you watching?!
I always have fun watching your videos!
I also respond to your Twitter too!!
What does that mean?!
Thank you for being involved
But I'm technically the veteran!!
You always call me "boss"!
It's really cute!!
And the video where you pretended to be me
You did very well, it was really similar to me
And regarding your greeting!!
“Good morniing”!
“Good afternoon”!
“Good evening”!
“Good niiight”!
“WAKE UUUUP”!
I like that!!
Let me use it next time!!
"But didn't you just use it?"!
Seriously...!
You're always uploading interesting videos!!
If I see something that’s interesting!!
It makes me want to see the next one straight away!!
Hurry up and upload!!
*When are you going to collab with Luna-chan?*
Translated by Ericat